units/spells/cooltshit


eld faktion


ideer: main caster har en spell som heter typ burning ember
ger friendly units i en area stacks av burning ember vilket ger olika effekter beroende på vilken unit det är.
typ alla eller många units inom fire faktionen kommer använda sig av burning ember.
även units kommer kunna ge ifrån sig burning ember.

units!:



Magma elemental 

1 atk,1 hp,0 armbreak,0 arm, range: Melee

Mana cost:low.

Effects: build 2 at a time.
Burning ember: each stack of burning ember give magma elemental +1 hp.



Magma surge

2 atk,3 hp,0 armbreak,0 arm, range: melee

Mana cost:low-medium.

Effects: Surge: Magma surge moves towards target target becoming immune to all dmg
and effects and leaving a trail of fire that deal dmg to enemy. 
Burning ember: use surge and use a charge of burning ember(max stacks 1).



Unstable magma  

2 atk,1 hp,0 armbreak,0 arm, range: Melee

Mana cost: medium.

Effects: Explode: When Unstable magma dies it deals aoe dmg to enemy around itself.
as well as giving giving a stack of burning ember to all friendly units hit(ground only). 
Burning ember: 1 stack: give a stack of burning ember to all friendly units hit(ground only).
3 stacks: explode will give friendly units+1 arm for 5 sec.



Magma giant

4 atk,7 hp,1 armbreak,1 arm, range: Melee

Mana cost:High.

Effects: Molten regeneration: Heal Magma giant for 2hp(cost 1 stack of burning ember), 
Molten regeneration will trigger whenever molten giant have taken 2 or more dmg(max 5 stacks).
Burning ember: First stack gives Magma giant +1 arm(max stack=5).



Merged magma

2 atk,3 hp,0 armbreak,0 arm, range: Melee

Mana cost:Medium.

Effects: Split: When Merged magma dies he summons Magma elementals
depending on the number of burning ember stacks.
Burning ember: 
0 stacks = 2 Magma elementals(with zero burning ember stacks)
1 stacks = 2 Magma elementals(with one burning ember stack)
2 stacks = 3 Magma elementals(with one burning ember stack)
3 stacks = 3 Magma elementals(with two burning ember stacks)
(max stack=3).



Magma wisp

1 atk,3 hp,1 armbreak,0 arm, range: Medium

Flying

Mana cost:Medium.

Effects: Magma whip: Channel 4 sec stun that deal 2 dmg over the duration
(cost one burning ember stack, has cooldown).



Magma dragon

4 atk,4 hp,1 armbreak,1 arm, range: Low-medium

Flying

Mana cost:High.

Effects: None.



Witch of the flame

3 atk,2 hp,0 armbreak,0 arm, range: High-superhigh

Mana cost:High.

Effects: Witch of the flames ranged attacks are ground attacks that can be avoided
and they deal aoe dmg.
Burning ember:Fury: Witch of the flame gain bonus attack speed for 5 sec when they gain
a burning ember stack(don't stack and the burning ember is used as soon as it is gained,has cooldown).


Magma priest

1 atk, 4 hp, 0 armbreak, 0 arm, range: Melee

manacost: Medium

Effect: Magma enhancment: Give all friendly elemental type summons +1 hp,+1 atk
in a area close to the Magma priest.



SPELLS: 

Warleader: give a friendly unit the warleader buff. all friendly units close to the warleader gain haste.

Magmaball: creates a magmaball at the target location. The ball charges for a couple of secounds and 
then start to bounce randomly around the battlefield. the ball deals dmg to all summons it hits and 
knocks them back(friendly fire). it disappears after a while.



 
